# Sudoku
# An algorithm which can solve sudoku puzzles at various levels

This algorithm uses constraint satisfaction as the search technique to solve sudoku puzzles of different levels. To begin with, an agent needs to obey the rule of filling numbers 1 to 9 empty cells in the puzzle, and they can only appear once in each row, column, and 3x3 block of grids. Regarding it, an approach that can eliminate different choices based on the rule of the problem can be considered. The search technique constraint satisfaction has therefore been employed in the algorithm.

A set of numbers 1 to 9 was assigned to each cell as possible values at the beginning. After loading the question puzzle, values was set to relevant cells to display the sudoku puzzle. In this process, the algorithm started to eliminate unnecessary possible values in each cell. Following that, a method of depth first search was used to pick the empty cells and began to try and fill in values according to the set of possible values in each cell. Each of its choice impacts the possible values of other cells, and the decision is propagated in the process. When a value leads to a situation that the agent cannot continue to solve the remaining puzzle, a remove assignment method removes that value assignment, and a new value will be tried. Once all the (9x9)81 cells are filled, Sudoku Solver will return the solution to that puzzle. If for a cell, every possible value has been tried and the algorithm cannot find a solution, it means there is no possible value for that cell, and hence no solution will be returned.
